the oldest anarchy server in Minecraft
is a chaotic place a place where
minecraft game mechanics are turned
upside down
when you have a no-rules environment
players will do everything they can to
gain an advantage over others this is
why hacked client usage on the server
has gone up since the server began 10
years ago when you think of players
hacking in Minecraft you probably think
of speed hacks or tracers killaura
criticals but for to be two T players
that's not enough they use every single
tool at their disposal to get ahead and
will go to extreme lengths just for a
slight advantage this includes using
hacks that to a normal player might seem
useless but to a seasoned to b2t player
are insanely useful hacks that
fundamentally change the way minecraft
can be played ranging from special
combat hacks to rendering exploits to
hacks that I can't even put into words
today we are taking an in-depth look at
some of the tools being used on to b2t
that would be considered useless by the
majority of the Minecraft community but
our must-haves for seasoned Anarchy
veterans let's begin whole ESP is a hack
that highlights one block holes in the
ground to a normal minecraft player this
would seem absolutely useless but to to
b2t players this hack can mean the
difference between life and death what
whole ESP is actually identifying our
safe spots that will protect you from n
crystal explosions one of the deadliest
weapons utilized by PvP errs on anarchy
servers you see in Minecraft a player's
hitbox covers their entire body but the
bottom half is more susceptible to
explosion damage this means that a
crystal will do full damage if you are
standing on the same level as it if you
move one block below where the crystal
is placed it will eliminate almost all
of the damage so to win at a crystal
fight it's better to have the low ground
than it is to have the high ground
if you are being attacked near spawn
hole ESP will show you safe places to
stand so you can be in safety for a few
moments to make a decision and calculate
your next move there are three colors
that signify how safe a spot is green
means the hole is surrounded completely
by bedrock making it the safest option
yellow means that part of the hole is
made with obsidian so while it's
explosion-proof it can be mined out by
other players exposing your lower hitbox
to explosion damage red means the entire
hole is made of obsidian including the
block you are standing on making it the
riskiest of the safe spots to use
regardless any of these three options
are safer than being out in the open
where you'll get torn to shreds by
crystals even having an extra five
seconds of safety eliminates a lot of
the stress that comes with crystal
combat but be careful standing in a safe
spot for too long we'll give your
opponent's time to react or even trap
you butthole ESP is an example of a
simple hack that seems useless at first
but makes a major difference in the
right hands mob owner is a hack that
does exactly what it says it allows you
to see who the original owner of a tamed
mob is why is this useful
well this hack is incredible for to b2t
base hunters and historians it's useful
because even if there are no written
signs at a particular base you can still
find out who the base belongs to if
there are tamed mobs nearby being able
to see who an abandoned horse or donkey
belongs to can leave a trail to a much
bigger prize it has also led to some
very interesting situations for example
3 years ago when I made my pilgrimage to
the world border I spent a few weeks
there travelling along the border via
horseback I tamed several horses out
there took the best one that was
available and left the rest all of it
was done off-camera so nobody could have
known well a few months ago when to b2t
player II pearl was streaming on Twitch
and was exploring the world border
region he stumbled upon a group of
horses when this happened
see these are teamed by Oh
that is quite a find he had found the
exact horses I had tamed from three
years ago
without the mob on her hack there would
have been no way to discover that these
had originally belonged to me just
another example of how useful this hack
is for bass hunters and historians this
hack has helped unlock the secrets of
many forgotten bases and places no
assign render is a hack that makes all
text on signs disappear
it's client-side only so the text is
still there you just can't see it
this hack would seem to be the most
useless one yet into a lot of players it
actually is useless but for the people
such as myself that make content on to
be 2t or live streaming this hack is
incredible allow me to explain six
months ago I noticed that I was getting
stream sniped far more often than usual
meaning players would find my location
while I was streaming and usually
attempt to kill me after two streams in
a row of being discovered I began
researching how it was possible that I
was being found so quickly well it
turned out that the massive world
download that had been taken of to be to
T spawn region that extended 50,000
blocks out in all directions included
sign data if I passed a sign on camera
it was possible to enter that text and
find the exact coordinates of the sign I
had to make sure not to show signs on
camera anymore if I was going to be in
the spawn region and additionally while
streaming there's always the chance that
you stumble upon a sign that flat-out
says the coordinates of your current
location such as highway markers no sign
render eliminates both of these problems
making it far more difficult to be
tracked after taking these precautions I
have not been stream sniped on my main
account during a live stream since
proving just how useful this hack truly
is we're only halfway through the list
but if you're enjoying this video today
make sure to leave a like and hit that
subscribe button a lot of people that
watch my videos aren't actually
subscribed to the channel
no pressure though no pressure anyway
let's continue the story behind the anti
weakness hack is unique - to b2t you see
a while ago it was discovered that n
crystals cannot be detonated by hand if
a player is under the weakness status
effect the reason for this is that
weakness lowers the amount of damage you
can do by two hearts crystals can only
be destroyed by dealing at least half a
heart of damage meaning that punching
crystals with fists or items becomes
useless anti weakness was invented as an
addition to auto crystal if the hack
detects that you're under the weakness
effect it will automatically swap from
crystals to a weapon so that you can
still blow it up your overall damage per
second will be lower but it's better
than being defenseless this highly
situational hack is just another part of
the unorthodox arsenal of to b2t players
anyone that explores the N dimension
knows how annoying jokers can be
especially giving players the levitation
effect and causing them to rise up but
on to BTT this status effect is actually
a problem because it interferes with the
server's anti-cheat plugins sometimes if
you are under the effect for too long
the server might think you are fly
hacking and attempt to kick you if you
don't have priority queue it means
having to wait hours just to log back in
only to be potentially kicked out again
the anti levitation will make it so that
you remain on the same y level when you
are hit with the status effect allowing
you to avoid the anti cheat kick another
example of a subtle hack that to BTT
players use in a very specific situation
the final hack in today's list is
probably the most bizarre to the casual
observer chest aura will cause you to
briefly open and close any chest that
you come close to and also works on
shelters and other storage devices now
why on earth is this useful
well it's useful for stopping anyone
using an illegal weapon such as a 32k
sharpness sword you see for the longest
time on the server illegal weapons could
only be swung by keeping them in a
shocker or hopper nearby
I'm not going to explain the technical
details but essentially any illegal
weapons inside became reverted back to
normal if their container was opened by
hand due to an anti cheap plug-in so if
someone put down a shulker to try and
kill you with a 32 k you could use chest
or to open it and cause the weapons
inside to become useless it became the
best defense against anyone attempting
to kill you with one of these when you
least expected it a seemingly useless
hack that saved many people on the
oldest anarchy server in Minecraft and
this list today
is just an example of some of the
seemingly useless hacks that are
actually insane when used properly the
overall goal of them is to keep players
safe and speaking of staying safe when
dealing with to b2t and the internet in
general it's important to keep your IP
address safe and protect your privacy
there's no easier way than expressvpn
when I use it
it helps me browse the internet
anonymously and prevents me from being
tracked it allows me to mask my IP
address and also lets me access content
in other countries that I wouldn't
normally have access to such as Netflix
content and even certain YouTube videos
I personally had to use the VPN just so
I could watch Doctor Who on Netflix
which isn't available on the service in
the u.s. it's easy to use has
lightning-fast speeds and has some of
the best data encryption around find out
how you can get 3 months for free by
going to expressvpn comm slash fit MC
and thank you to expressvpn for
sponsoring today's video if you enjoyed
this video today make sure to leave a
like and hit that subscribe button also
make sure to follow me on Twitter and
Instagram to stay updated on when new to
b2t content and minecraft content is
coming out well that's it for today
everyone take it easy and stay alive out
there fit fam